user/pages/home/default.md, before:

---
title: Home
---

<center><img src="1013643_828488670527520_6858547805805754630_n.png" height=100 width=200></center>

# Welcome to GLUG-NITH!
## GNU/Linux User Group NIT Hamirpur

Our GLUG is mainly designed to cater to the GNU/Linux related needs of the students, faculty, staff, and anybody else belonging to NIT Hamirpur. We are a heterogeneous mixture of people ranging from the beta testers and kernel hackers to the fresh-faced newbies, held together together by a common love for GNU/Linux in particular and Free Software in general. 

!!! GLUG NITH is a moniker for the GNU/Linux User Group of National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur.

### What is GNU?


> "GNU, which stands for Gnu's Not Unix, is the name for the complete Unix-compatible software system which I am writing so that I can give it away free to everyone who can use it. Several other volunteers are helping me. Contributions of time, money, programs and equipment are greatly needed."

> <cite> Richard M. Stallman </cite>

### Contributing to website

[Git](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_%28software%29) is a famous tool to organise and colloborate among various code contributors.
By using this famous tool, you can make contribution to this website which will directly reflect here. Further this provides a powerful collaboration, review and code management for such a purpose and other development projects.
This greatly help people sitting at different places working on their systems to build and discuss various changes that should or need to be included on the website.


[Read More about contributing here](/contribute).

<center>
<a class="twitter-timeline" data-width="600" data-height="400" data-theme="light" href="https://twitter.com/glugnith">Tweets by glugnith</a> 
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</center>

Commit message:

add page for getting started

user/pages/home/default.md, after:

---
title: Home
---

<center><img src="1013643_828488670527520_6858547805805754630_n.png" height=100 width=200></center>

# Welcome to GLUG-NITH!
## GNU/Linux User Group NIT Hamirpur

Our GLUG is mainly designed to cater to the GNU/Linux related needs of the students, faculty, staff, and anybody else belonging to NIT Hamirpur. We are a heterogeneous mixture of people ranging from the beta testers and kernel hackers to the fresh-faced newbies, held together together by a common love for GNU/Linux in particular and Free Software in general. 

!!! GLUG NITH is a moniker for the GNU/Linux User Group of National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur.

### What is GNU?


> "GNU, which stands for Gnu's Not Unix, is the name for the complete Unix-compatible software system which I am writing so that I can give it away free to everyone who can use it. Several other volunteers are helping me. Contributions of time, money, programs and equipment are greatly needed."

> <cite> Richard M. Stallman </cite>

### Getting Started

[Click here](/getting-started) to learn about basic things to get started with GNU Linux.

### Contributing to website

[Git](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_%28software%29) is a famous tool to organise and colloborate among various code contributors.
By using this famous tool, you can make contribution to this website which will directly reflect here. Further this provides a powerful collaboration, review and code management for such a purpose and other development projects.
This greatly help people sitting at different places working on their systems to build and discuss various changes that should or need to be included on the website.


[Read More about contributing here](/contribute).

<center>
<a class="twitter-timeline" data-width="600" data-height="400" data-theme="light" href="https://twitter.com/glugnith">Tweets by glugnith</a> 
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</center>
